Pick a red cube and then place it on a green cube. On the same stack, place 2 blue cubes. Afterward, add a green one on top.
Begin by grabbing a blue cube and putting it on the storage area. Next, on the same place, continue to create a tower by stacking a red cube, followed by two blue cubes, and then a green cube on top.
Stack the cubes in such a way that it has a red cube as the base. It should be followed by two blue cubes, and finally, a green cube on top.
First, pick up a green cube and place it on the blue plane. Then, grab a red cube and put it on the same stack. Finally, create a tower by adding two blue cubes on top of the red one.
I want a stack of cubes that should resemble the flag of Azerbaijan.
Begin by picking a green cube and placing it on a blue cube. On top of that stack, add a red cube and finally, a blue and a green one.
First, pick a blue cube and put it on the storage area. Next, create a tower by stacking two red cubes on top of the blue one itself, followed by a green cube on top.
Start by picking a red cube and placing it on the green plane. Then, create a tower with two blue cubes on top of the red one. Finally, stack a blue cube on the very top.
Pick a blue cube and put it on top of the red cube. Now, on that stack, add a green cube, followed by a red one.
Try picking a blue cube and putting it on the green plane. Then, create a tower with two red cubes on top of it. Finally, stack a blue cube on the very top.
Find the green plane first. Now let's build a tower there. The tower should have blue at the bottom. Green at the top. Put red in the middle.
Stack blue on blue. Then red on the same stack. This entire structure should be made on the storage area.
Make a stack of 4 cubes with alternating red and blue.
Build a stack inspired by a 'patriotic fireworks' display. Begin with a red cube as the base, representing the ground. Then, create a series of 'bursts' by stacking alternating blue and green cubes on top, resembling the vibrant colors of fireworks in the night sky.
On the area reserved for temp storage i want the following tower in inverse: red, 2 green and blue. Once this tower is built. Add a red on top.
